*javax.xml.soap.SOAPBody* *SOAPBody* An object that represents the contents of the SOAP body
 element in a SOAP message.

public interface interface SOAPBody

  implements |javax.xml.soap.SOAPElement|

|javax.xml.soap.SOAPBody_Description|
|javax.xml.soap.SOAPBody_Fields|
|javax.xml.soap.SOAPBody_Constructors|
|javax.xml.soap.SOAPBody_Methods|

================================================================================================================================

*javax.xml.soap.SOAPBody_Methods*
|javax.xml.soap.SOAPBody.addBodyElement(Name)|Creates a new SOAPBodyElement object with the specified  name and adds it to this
|javax.xml.soap.SOAPBody.addBodyElement(QName)|Creates a new SOAPBodyElement object with the specified  QName and adds it to th
|javax.xml.soap.SOAPBody.addDocument(Document)|Adds the root node of the DOM org.w3c.dom.Document  to this SOAPBody object.
|javax.xml.soap.SOAPBody.addFault()|Creates a new SOAPFault object and adds it to  this SOAPBody object.
|javax.xml.soap.SOAPBody.addFault(Name,String)|Creates a new  SOAPFault object and adds it to this   SOAPBody object.
|javax.xml.soap.SOAPBody.addFault(Name,String,Locale)|Creates a new SOAPFault object and adds it to  this SOAPBody object.
|javax.xml.soap.SOAPBody.addFault(QName,String)|Creates a new SOAPFault object and adds it to this SOAPBody  object.
|javax.xml.soap.SOAPBody.addFault(QName,String,Locale)|Creates a new SOAPFault object and adds it to this   SOAPBody object.
|javax.xml.soap.SOAPBody.extractContentAsDocument()|Creates a new DOM org.w3c.dom.Document and sets  the first child of this SO
|javax.xml.soap.SOAPBody.getFault()|Returns the SOAPFault object in this SOAPBody  object.
|javax.xml.soap.SOAPBody.hasFault()|Indicates whether a SOAPFault object exists in this  SOAPBody object.

*javax.xml.soap.SOAPBody_Description*

An object that represents the contents of the SOAP body element in a SOAP message. A SOAP body element consists of XML data 
that affects the way the application-specific content is processed. 

A SOAPBody object contains SOAPBodyElement objects, which have the content for the SOAP body. A SOAPFault object, which carries 
status and/or error information, is an example of a SOAPBodyElement object. 



*javax.xml.soap.SOAPBody.addBodyElement(Name)*

public |javax.xml.soap.SOAPBodyElement| addBodyElement(javax.xml.soap.Name name)
  throws |javax.xml.soap.SOAPException|
         
Creates a new SOAPBodyElement object with the specified name and adds it to this SOAPBody object. 


    name - a Name object with the name for the new SOAPBodyElement object 

    Returns: the new SOAPBodyElement object 

*javax.xml.soap.SOAPBody.addBodyElement(QName)*

public |javax.xml.soap.SOAPBodyElement| addBodyElement(javax.xml.namespace.QName qname)
  throws |javax.xml.soap.SOAPException|
         
Creates a new SOAPBodyElement object with the specified QName and adds it to this SOAPBody object. 


    qname - a QName object with the qname for the new SOAPBodyElement object 

    Returns: the new SOAPBodyElement object 

*javax.xml.soap.SOAPBody.addDocument(Document)*

public |javax.xml.soap.SOAPBodyElement| addDocument(org.w3c.dom.Document document)
  throws |javax.xml.soap.SOAPException|
         
Adds the root node of the DOM (|org.w3c.dom.Document|) to this SOAPBody object. 

Calling this method invalidates the document parameter. The client application should discard all references to this Document 
and its contents upon calling addDocument. The behavior of an application that continues to use such references is undefined. 


    document - the Document object whose root node will be added to this SOAPBody. 

    Returns: the SOAPBodyElement that represents the root node that was added. 

*javax.xml.soap.SOAPBody.addFault()*

public |javax.xml.soap.SOAPFault| addFault()
  throws |javax.xml.soap.SOAPException|
         
Creates a new SOAPFault object and adds it to this SOAPBody object. The new SOAPFault will have default values set for the 
mandatory child elements. The type of the SOAPFault will be a SOAP 1.1 or a SOAP 1.2 SOAPFault depending on the protocol 
specified while creating the MessageFactory instance. 

A SOAPBody may contain at most one SOAPFault child element. 



    Returns: the new SOAPFault object 

*javax.xml.soap.SOAPBody.addFault(Name,String)*

public |javax.xml.soap.SOAPFault| addFault(
  javax.xml.soap.Name faultCode,
  java.lang.String faultString)
  throws |javax.xml.soap.SOAPException|
         
Creates a new SOAPFault object and adds it to this SOAPBody object. The type of the SOAPFault will be a SOAP 1.1 or a SOAP 1.2 
SOAPFault depending on the protocol specified while creating the MessageFactory instance. 

For SOAP 1.2 the faultCode parameter is the value of the Fault/Code/Value element and the faultString parameter is the value of 
the Fault/Reason/Text element. For SOAP 1.1 the faultCode parameter is the value of the faultcode element and the faultString 
parameter is the value of the faultstring element. 

In case of a SOAP 1.2 fault, the default value for the mandatory xml:lang attribute on the Fault/Reason/Text element will be 
set to java.util.Locale.getDefault() 

A SOAPBody may contain at most one SOAPFault child element. 


    faultCode - a Name object giving the fault code to be set; must be one of the fault codes defined in the version of SOAP specification in 
       use 
    faultString - a String giving an explanation of the fault 

    Returns: the new SOAPFault object 

*javax.xml.soap.SOAPBody.addFault(Name,String,Locale)*

public |javax.xml.soap.SOAPFault| addFault(
  javax.xml.soap.Name faultCode,
  java.lang.String faultString,
  java.util.Locale locale)
  throws |javax.xml.soap.SOAPException|
         
Creates a new SOAPFault object and adds it to this SOAPBody object. The type of the SOAPFault will be a SOAP 1.1 or a SOAP 1.2 
SOAPFault depending on the protocol specified while creating the MessageFactory instance. 

For SOAP 1.2 the faultCode parameter is the value of the Fault/Code/Value element and the faultString parameter is the value of 
the Fault/Reason/Text element. For SOAP 1.1 the faultCode parameter is the value of the faultcode element and the faultString 
parameter is the value of the faultstring element. 

A SOAPBody may contain at most one SOAPFault child element. 


    faultCode - a Name object giving the fault code to be set; must be one of the fault codes defined in the Version of SOAP specification in 
       use 
    faultString - a String giving an explanation of the fault 
    locale - a {@link java.util.Locale} object indicating the native language of the faultString 

    Returns: the new SOAPFault object 

*javax.xml.soap.SOAPBody.addFault(QName,String)*

public |javax.xml.soap.SOAPFault| addFault(
  javax.xml.namespace.QName faultCode,
  java.lang.String faultString)
  throws |javax.xml.soap.SOAPException|
         
Creates a new SOAPFault object and adds it to this SOAPBody object. The type of the SOAPFault will be a SOAP 1.1 or a SOAP 1.2 
SOAPFault depending on the protocol specified while creating the MessageFactory instance. 

For SOAP 1.2 the faultCode parameter is the value of the Fault/Code/Value element and the faultString parameter is the value of 
the Fault/Reason/Text element. For SOAP 1.1 the faultCode parameter is the value of the faultcode element and the faultString 
parameter is the value of the faultstring element. 

In case of a SOAP 1.2 fault, the default value for the mandatory xml:lang attribute on the Fault/Reason/Text element will be 
set to java.util.Locale.getDefault() 

A SOAPBody may contain at most one SOAPFault child element 


    faultCode - a QName object giving the fault code to be set; must be one of the fault codes defined in the version of SOAP specification in 
       use 
    faultString - a String giving an explanation of the fault 

    Returns: the new SOAPFault object 

*javax.xml.soap.SOAPBody.addFault(QName,String,Locale)*

public |javax.xml.soap.SOAPFault| addFault(
  javax.xml.namespace.QName faultCode,
  java.lang.String faultString,
  java.util.Locale locale)
  throws |javax.xml.soap.SOAPException|
         
Creates a new SOAPFault object and adds it to this SOAPBody object. The type of the SOAPFault will be a SOAP 1.1 or a SOAP 1.2 
SOAPFault depending on the protocol specified while creating the MessageFactory instance. 

For SOAP 1.2 the faultCode parameter is the value of the Fault/Code/Value element and the faultString parameter is the value of 
the Fault/Reason/Text element. For SOAP 1.1 the faultCode parameter is the value of the faultcode element and the faultString 
parameter is the value of the faultstring element. 

A SOAPBody may contain at most one SOAPFault child element. 


    faultCode - a QName object giving the fault code to be set; must be one of the fault codes defined in the version of SOAP specification in 
       use. 
    faultString - a String giving an explanation of the fault 
    locale - a {@link java.util.Locale Locale} object indicating the native language of the faultString 

    Returns: the new SOAPFault object 

*javax.xml.soap.SOAPBody.extractContentAsDocument()*

public |org.w3c.dom.Document| extractContentAsDocument()
  throws |javax.xml.soap.SOAPException|
         
Creates a new DOM (|org.w3c.dom.Document|) and sets the first child of this SOAPBody as it's document element. The child 
SOAPElement is removed as part of the process. 



    Returns: the {@link org.w3c.dom.Document} representation of the SOAPBody content. 

*javax.xml.soap.SOAPBody.getFault()*

public |javax.xml.soap.SOAPFault| getFault()

Returns the SOAPFault object in this SOAPBody object. 



    Returns: the SOAPFault object in this SOAPBody object if present, null otherwise. 

*javax.xml.soap.SOAPBody.hasFault()*

public boolean hasFault()

Indicates whether a SOAPFault object exists in this SOAPBody object. 



    Returns: true if a SOAPFault object exists in this SOAPBody object; false otherwise 


