*javax.xml.crypto.dsig.keyinfo.KeyValue* *KeyValue* A representation of the XML KeyValue element as defined
 in the 
 W3C Recomm

public interface interface KeyValue

  implements |javax.xml.crypto.XMLStructure|

|javax.xml.crypto.dsig.keyinfo.KeyValue_Description|
|javax.xml.crypto.dsig.keyinfo.KeyValue_Fields|
|javax.xml.crypto.dsig.keyinfo.KeyValue_Constructors|
|javax.xml.crypto.dsig.keyinfo.KeyValue_Methods|

================================================================================================================================

*javax.xml.crypto.dsig.keyinfo.KeyValue_Fields*
|java.lang.String_javax.xml.crypto.dsig.keyinfo.KeyValue.DSA_TYPE|
|java.lang.String_javax.xml.crypto.dsig.keyinfo.KeyValue.RSA_TYPE|

*javax.xml.crypto.dsig.keyinfo.KeyValue_Methods*
|javax.xml.crypto.dsig.keyinfo.KeyValue.getPublicKey()|Returns the public key of this KeyValue.

*javax.xml.crypto.dsig.keyinfo.KeyValue_Description*

A representation of the XML KeyValue element as defined in the W3C Recommendation for XML-Signature Syntax and Processing. A 
KeyValue object contains a single public key that may be useful in validating the signature. The XML schema definition is 
defined as: 



<element name="KeyValue" type="ds:KeyValueType"/> <complexType name="KeyValueType" mixed="true"> <choice> <element 
ref="ds:DSAKeyValue"/> <element ref="ds:RSAKeyValue"/> <any namespace="##other" processContents="lax"/> </choice> 
</complexType> 

<element name="DSAKeyValue" type="ds:DSAKeyValueType"/> <complexType name="DSAKeyValueType"> <sequence> <sequence 
minOccurs="0"> <element name="P" type="ds:CryptoBinary"/> <element name="Q" type="ds:CryptoBinary"/> </sequence> <element 
name="G" type="ds:CryptoBinary" minOccurs="0"/> <element name="Y" type="ds:CryptoBinary"/> <element name="J" 
type="ds:CryptoBinary" minOccurs="0"/> <sequence minOccurs="0"> <element name="Seed" type="ds:CryptoBinary"/> <element 
name="PgenCounter" type="ds:CryptoBinary"/> </sequence> </sequence> </complexType> 

<element name="RSAKeyValue" type="ds:RSAKeyValueType"/> <complexType name="RSAKeyValueType"> <sequence> <element name="Modulus" 
type="ds:CryptoBinary"/> <element name="Exponent" type="ds:CryptoBinary"/> </sequence> </complexType> 

A KeyValue instance may be created by invoking the newKeyValue(|javax.xml.crypto.dsig.keyinfo.KeyInfoFactory|) method of the 
(|javax.xml.crypto.dsig.keyinfo.KeyInfoFactory|) class, and passing it a (|java.security.PublicKey|) representing the value of 
the public key. Here is an example of creating a KeyValue from a (|java.security.interfaces.DSAPublicKey|) of a 
(|java.security.cert.Certificate|) stored in a (|java.security.KeyStore|) : 

KeyStore keyStore = KeyStore.getInstance(KeyStore.getDefaultType()); PublicKey dsaPublicKey = 
keyStore.getCertificate("myDSASigningCert").getPublicKey(); KeyInfoFactory factory = KeyInfoFactory.getInstance("DOM"); 
KeyValue keyValue = factory.newKeyValue(dsaPublicKey); 

This class returns the DSAKeyValue and RSAKeyValue elements as objects of type (|java.security.interfaces.DSAPublicKey|) and 
(|java.security.interfaces.RSAPublicKey|) , respectively. Note that not all of the fields in the schema are accessible as 
parameters of these types. 



*java.lang.String_javax.xml.crypto.dsig.keyinfo.KeyValue.DSA_TYPE*

URI identifying the DSA KeyValue KeyInfo type: http://www.w3.org/2000/09/xmldsig#DSAKeyValue. This can be specified as the 
value of the type parameter of the (|javax.xml.crypto.dsig.keyinfo.RetrievalMethod|) class to describe a remote DSAKeyValue 
structure. 


*java.lang.String_javax.xml.crypto.dsig.keyinfo.KeyValue.RSA_TYPE*

URI identifying the RSA KeyValue KeyInfo type: http://www.w3.org/2000/09/xmldsig#RSAKeyValue. This can be specified as the 
value of the type parameter of the (|javax.xml.crypto.dsig.keyinfo.RetrievalMethod|) class to describe a remote RSAKeyValue 
structure. 



*javax.xml.crypto.dsig.keyinfo.KeyValue.getPublicKey()*

public |java.security.PublicKey| getPublicKey()
  throws |java.security.KeyException|
         
Returns the public key of this KeyValue. 



    Returns: the public key of this KeyValue 


