*javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement* *JAXBElement* JAXB representation of an Xml Element.

public class JAXBElement<T>
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |java.io.Serializable|

|javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement_Description|
|javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement_Fields|
|javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement_Constructors|
|javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement_Methods|

================================================================================================================================

*javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement_Fields*
|java.lang.Class<T>_javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement.declaredType|
|javax.xml.namespace.QName_javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement.name|
|boolean_javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement.nil|
|java.lang.Class_javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement.scope|
|T_javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement.value|

*javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement_Constructors*
|javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement(QName,Class<T>,Class,T)|Construct an xml element instance.
|javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement(QName,Class<T>,T)|Construct an xml element instance.

*javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement_Methods*
|javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement.getDeclaredType()|Returns the Java binding of the xml element declaration's type attribute.
|javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement.getName()|Returns the xml element tag name.
|javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement.getScope()|Returns scope of xml element declaration.
|javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement.getValue()|Return the content model and attribute values for this element.
|javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement.isGlobalScope()|Returns true iff this xml element declaration is global.
|javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement.isNil()|Returns true iff this element instance content model   is nil.
|javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement.isTypeSubstituted()|Returns true iff this xml element instance's value has a different  type than x
|javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement.setNil(boolean)|Set whether this element has nil content.
|javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement.setValue(T)|Set the content model and attributes of this xml element.

*javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement_Description*

JAXB representation of an Xml Element. 

This class represents information about an Xml Element from both the element declaration within a schema and the element 
instance value within an xml document with the following properties 

element's xml tag name value represents the element instance's atttribute(s) and content model element declaration's 
declaredType (xs:element @type attribute) scope of element declaration boolean nil property. (element instance's xsi:nil 
attribute) 

The declaredType and scope property are the JAXB class binding for the xml type definition. 

Scope is either (|javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement.GlobalScope|) or the Java class representing the complex type definition 
containing the schema element declaration. 

There is a property constraint that if value is null, then nil must be true. The converse is not true to enable representing a 
nil element with attribute(s). If nil is true, it is possible that value is non-null so it can hold the value of the attributes 
associated with a nil element. 



*java.lang.Class<T>_javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement.declaredType*

Java datatype binding for xml element declaration's type. 


*javax.xml.namespace.QName_javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement.name*

xml element tag name 


*boolean_javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement.nil*

true iff the xml element instance has xsi:nil="true". 


*java.lang.Class_javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement.scope*

Scope of xml element declaration representing this xml element instance. Can be one of the following values: - 
(|javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement.GlobalScope|) for global xml element declaration. - local element declaration has a scope set to 
the Java class representation of complex type defintion containing xml element declaration. 


*T_javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement.value*

xml element value. Represents content model and attributes of an xml element instance. 



*javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement(QName,Class<T>,Class,T)*

public JAXBElement(
  javax.xml.namespace.QName name,
  java.lang.Class<T> declaredType,
  java.lang.Class scope,
  T value)

Construct an xml element instance. 

    name - Java binding of xml element tag name 
    declaredType - Java binding of xml element declaration's type 
    scope - Java binding of scope of xml element declaration. Passing null is the same as passing GlobalScope.class 
    value - Java instance representing xml element's value. 

*javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement(QName,Class<T>,T)*

public JAXBElement(
  javax.xml.namespace.QName name,
  java.lang.Class<T> declaredType,
  T value)

Construct an xml element instance. 

This is just a convenience method for new JAXBElement(name,declaredType,GlobalScope.class,value) 


*javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement.getDeclaredType()*

public |java.lang.Class|<T> getDeclaredType()

Returns the Java binding of the xml element declaration's type attribute. 



*javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement.getName()*

public |javax.xml.namespace.QName| getName()

Returns the xml element tag name. 



*javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement.getScope()*

public |java.lang.Class| getScope()

Returns scope of xml element declaration. 



    Returns: GlobalScope.class if this element is of global scope. 

*javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement.getValue()*

public |T| getValue()

Return the content model and attribute values for this element. 

See (|javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement|) for a description of a property constraint when this value is null 



*javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement.isGlobalScope()*

public boolean isGlobalScope()

Returns true iff this xml element declaration is global. 



*javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement.isNil()*

public boolean isNil()

Returns true iff this element instance content model is nil. 

This property always returns true when (|javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement|) is null. Note that the converse is not true, when this 
property is true, (|javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement|) can contain a non-null value for attribute(s). It is valid for a nil xml 
element to have attribute(s). 



*javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement.isTypeSubstituted()*

public boolean isTypeSubstituted()

Returns true iff this xml element instance's value has a different type than xml element declaration's declared type. 



*javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement.setNil(boolean)*

public void setNil(boolean value)

Set whether this element has nil content. 



*javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement.setValue(T)*

public void setValue(T t)

Set the content model and attributes of this xml element. 

When this property is set to null, isNil() must by true. Details of constraint are described at (|javax.xml.bind.JAXBElement|) 
. 




