*javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext* *XMLCryptoContext* Contains common context information for XML cryptographic operations.

public interface interface XMLCryptoContext


|javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext_Description|
|javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext_Fields|
|javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext_Constructors|
|javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext_Methods|

================================================================================================================================

*javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext_Methods*
|javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext.get(Object)|Returns the value to which this context maps the specified key.
|javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext.getBaseURI()|Returns the base URI.
|javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext.getDefaultNamespacePrefix()|Returns the default namespace prefix.
|javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext.getKeySelector()|Returns the key selector for finding a key.
|javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext.getNamespacePrefix(String,String)|Returns the namespace prefix that the specified namespace 
|javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext.getProperty(String)|Returns the value of the specified property.
|javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext.getURIDereferencer()|Returns a URIDereferencer that is used to dereferenceURIReferences.
|javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext.put(Object,Object)|Associates the specified value with the specified key in this context.
|javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext.putNamespacePrefix(String,String)|Maps the specified namespace URI to the specified prefix.
|javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext.setBaseURI(String)|Sets the base URI.
|javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext.setDefaultNamespacePrefix(String)|Sets the default namespace prefix.
|javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext.setKeySelector(KeySelector)|Sets the key selector for finding a key.
|javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext.setProperty(String,Object)|Sets the specified property.
|javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext.setURIDereferencer(URIDereferencer)|Sets a URIDereferencer that is used to dereferenceURIRef

*javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext_Description*

Contains common context information for XML cryptographic operations. 

This interface contains methods for setting and retrieving properties that affect the processing of XML signatures or XML 
encrypted structures. 

Note that XMLCryptoContext instances can contain information and state specific to the XML cryptographic structure it is used 
with. The results are unpredictable if an XMLCryptoContext is used with multiple structures (for example, you should not use 
the same (|javax.xml.crypto.dsig.XMLValidateContext|) instance to validate two different (|javax.xml.crypto.dsig.XMLSignature|) 
objects). 



*javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext.get(Object)*

public |java.lang.Object| get(java.lang.Object key)

Returns the value to which this context maps the specified key. 

More formally, if this context contains a mapping from a key k to a value v such that (key==null ? k==null : key.equals(k)), 
then this method returns v; otherwise it returns null. (There can be at most one such mapping.) 

This method is useful for retrieving arbitrary information that is specific to the cryptographic operation that this context is 
used for. 


    key - the key whose associated value is to be returned 

    Returns: the value to which this context maps the specified key, or null if there is no mapping for the key 

*javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext.getBaseURI()*

public |java.lang.String| getBaseURI()

Returns the base URI. 



    Returns: the base URI, or null if not specified 

*javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext.getDefaultNamespacePrefix()*

public |java.lang.String| getDefaultNamespacePrefix()

Returns the default namespace prefix. The default namespace prefix is the prefix for all namespace URIs not explicitly set by 
the putNamespacePrefix(|javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext|) method. 



    Returns: the default namespace prefix, or null if none has been set. 

*javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext.getKeySelector()*

public |javax.xml.crypto.KeySelector| getKeySelector()

Returns the key selector for finding a key. 



    Returns: the key selector, or null if not specified 

*javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext.getNamespacePrefix(String,String)*

public |java.lang.String| getNamespacePrefix(
  java.lang.String namespaceURI,
  java.lang.String defaultPrefix)

Returns the namespace prefix that the specified namespace URI is associated with. Returns the specified default prefix if the 
specified namespace URI has not been bound to a prefix. To bind a namespace URI to a prefix, call the 
putNamespacePrefix(|javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext|) method. 


    namespaceURI - a namespace URI 
    defaultPrefix - the prefix to be returned in the event that the the specified namespace URI has not been bound to a prefix. 

    Returns: the prefix that is associated with the specified namespace URI, or defaultPrefix if the URI is not registered. If the namespace 
             URI is registered but has no prefix, an empty string ("") is returned. 

*javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext.getProperty(String)*

public |java.lang.Object| getProperty(java.lang.String name)

Returns the value of the specified property. 


    name - the name of the property 

    Returns: the current value of the specified property, or null if it does not have a value 

*javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext.getURIDereferencer()*

public |javax.xml.crypto.URIDereferencer| getURIDereferencer()

Returns a URIDereferencer that is used to dereference (|javax.xml.crypto.URIReference|) s. 



    Returns: the URIDereferencer, or null if not specified 

*javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext.put(Object,Object)*

public |java.lang.Object| put(
  java.lang.Object key,
  java.lang.Object value)

Associates the specified value with the specified key in this context. If the context previously contained a mapping for this 
key, the old value is replaced by the specified value. 

This method is useful for storing arbitrary information that is specific to the cryptographic operation that this context is 
used for. 


    key - key with which the specified value is to be associated with 
    value - value to be associated with the specified key 

    Returns: the previous value associated with the key, or null if there was no mapping for the key 

*javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext.putNamespacePrefix(String,String)*

public |java.lang.String| putNamespacePrefix(
  java.lang.String namespaceURI,
  java.lang.String prefix)

Maps the specified namespace URI to the specified prefix. If there is already a prefix associated with the specified namespace 
URI, the old prefix is replaced by the specified prefix. 


    namespaceURI - a namespace URI 
    prefix - a namespace prefix (or null to remove any existing mapping). Specifying the empty string ("") binds no prefix to the namespace 
       URI. 

    Returns: the previous prefix associated with the specified namespace URI, or null if there was none 

*javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext.setBaseURI(String)*

public void setBaseURI(java.lang.String baseURI)

Sets the base URI. 


    baseURI - the base URI, or null to remove current value 

*javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext.setDefaultNamespacePrefix(String)*

public void setDefaultNamespacePrefix(java.lang.String defaultPrefix)

Sets the default namespace prefix. This sets the namespace prefix for all namespace URIs not explicitly set by the 
putNamespacePrefix(|javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext|) method. 


    defaultPrefix - the default namespace prefix, or null to remove the current setting. Specify the empty string ("") to bind no prefix. 

*javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext.setKeySelector(KeySelector)*

public void setKeySelector(javax.xml.crypto.KeySelector ks)

Sets the key selector for finding a key. 


    ks - the key selector, or null to remove the current setting 

*javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext.setProperty(String,Object)*

public |java.lang.Object| setProperty(
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.Object value)

Sets the specified property. 


    name - the name of the property 
    value - the value of the property to be set 

    Returns: the previous value of the specified property, or null if it did not have a value 

*javax.xml.crypto.XMLCryptoContext.setURIDereferencer(URIDereferencer)*

public void setURIDereferencer(javax.xml.crypto.URIDereferencer dereferencer)

Sets a URIDereferencer that is used to dereference (|javax.xml.crypto.URIReference|) s. The specified URIDereferencer is used 
in place of an implementation's default URIDereferencer. 


    dereferencer - the URIDereferencer, or null to remove any current setting 


